README.md, before:

# Project Euler Solutions

This repository contains solutions to problems from [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/), a collection of challenging mathematical and computational problems.

## About the Solutions
- Most solutions are implemented in **Python**.
- A custom library, **`eulerlib.py`**, was developed from scratch to provide useful functions for solving Project Euler problems efficiently.
- Each function in `eulerlib.py` includes detailed documentation, including explanations of its operation and **Big O** time complexity analysis.
- Most problem solutions include a step-by-step explanation of the approach taken.

## Usage
To use the utility functions provided in `eulerlib.py`, simply import the module in your scripts:

```python
from eulerlib import some_function
```

Or more generally as: 

```python
import eulerlib as el
```

Ensure you have Python installed, and run the solutions using:
```bash
python peXXX.py
```
Where XXX is the number of the problem.

## Contributions

Contributions, improvements, and discussions are welcome. Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request if you find optimizations or alternative approaches to the problems :)

Commit message:

Updated README.md and added more problems

README.md, after:

# Project Euler Solutions

This repository contains solutions to problems from [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/), a collection of challenging mathematical and computational problems.

## About the Solutions
- Most solutions are implemented in **Python**.
- A custom library, **`eulerlib.py`**, was developed from scratch to provide useful functions for solving Project Euler problems efficiently.
- Each function in `eulerlib.py` includes detailed documentation, including explanations of its operation and **Big O** time complexity analysis.
- Most problem solutions include a step-by-step explanation of the approach taken.

## Usage
To use the utility functions provided in `eulerlib.py`, simply import the module in your scripts:

```python
from eulerlib import some_function
```

Or more generally as: 

```python
import eulerlib as el
```

Ensure you have Python and PyPy installed, and run the solutions using:
```bash
pypy peXXX.py
```
Where XXX is the number of the problem.

The reason PyPy was chosen instead of running in pure Python is because most of the problems will run under 1 second by taking that approach.

## Contributions

Contributions, improvements, and discussions are welcome. Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request if you find optimizations or alternative approaches to the problems :)
